good form versus solid form all right
guys mocks pelosi if you bring you in
for vs don't inform behalf of quick
little message to EA here iea before
christmas on average the in-form to roll
out batter compared to the old
informants than they are and i even
after even in january but the last
couple of months the uniforms it's been
really hard to find an in-form this
really worth the upgrade you know you've
had a bar bow and yabut edge to pretty
good informs lately but still not
anywhere near as many as I had before
Christmas if I'm Emma's last time I had
somebody that was amazing like Abby's
key parties not informed like the
informs antique arzola are they inform
Hernandez store did I da it's like you
just give done with the game we can be
asked upgrade these tears every
weeknight will just flick the stats up
on the card and you don't bother your
eyes he actually change any performing
game so short I da anyway for everyone
else watch this video I apologize that
the wrath I went on and today's video
doesn't quite reflect that as much not
as bad as last week we're gonna inform
Sanchez I mean easy decent up grid and
we will discuss that night now I bought
in from Sanchez 200k the non inform is
uh was like 3k some like a member but
200k for banning in formless 24 hours
after tonight is pretty cheap to be fer
nice x-rated inform anyway so I'm
expecting this guy taxi down below 200 k
I think he'll be like a 60 70 80 k
player and if you go side to that pricey
make work the upgrade but the money's
not on Dallas wrote for the stats as
usual there's no increase in the piers
whatsoever I over the drill one there is
an increase this time it's mo created by
T on the card and I do feel it not it's
nothing huge and I can still beat him on
fan with both players but I do find the
dribble a little bit smear a little but
snap you're a little bit easier on the
in-form so the trouble is a bit batters
be fair and I others shouldn't let it go
through ebay for which is a lot and
that's another thing I've noticed in the
past couple of months they seem to be
upgrading the and stuff out a lot
more than they used to like before
Christmas you know informative be
upgraded by two maybe three shouldn't
move even one but now it's like four or
five sometimes six it's crazy but I no
way yeah the in-form is you know alright
batter taking shots and in all areas
really finesse shot since that just
inside the box par shots you know on the
edge of the box long shots things like
that but if either picking a particular
area but he's better and it shouldn't
start it's definitely a sharp part you
know I find myself I come inside a lot
with sancya so today I don't know if
it'll reflect on the goals are healing
screen but I do and I definitely find
myself when I'm taking them shots you
know
to keep her under the far post I
definitely find there's quite a bit more
part on the in-form Sanchez I don't
notice that so much when I'm taking long
shots though which is quite strange but
anyway yeah you know all right decent
upgrade shouldn't but does it feel like
for and at all but not on the parson and
this is the reason you would buy the
upgrade you know if you're the kind of
guy who runs down the wings and crosses
in all the time it's probably worth
people the seller throw curtailed okay
but this goes down to below 100 k is
probably rough they'll create for you
personally I don't cross the last so it
doesn't matter so much to me but I do do
a lot of chip free bowls and things
which the in-form is also bad around so
why ya the M form is quite a bit about a
cross or will give you out the curve and
stuff is a lot better and the chipper
balls are better you know it's already
passing is better that's that's the most
noticeable area on this card and that's
what makes probably worth the money if
it goes below 100 cake but anyway lads
as an overview you know I can easy easy
decent upgrade but he's just not fin
special i really want to inform her now
there's something here's all things like
that again you know but the other thing
was well Billy's upgrades lately they
feel like decent upgrades but they don't
feel as big upgrades as the stats say
like he's supposed to have for better
shooting to about a dribble like five
better pausing or something like that it
doesn't feel like that huge an upgrade
but anyway I'm rambled on for under a
hundred k if you are somebody the
crosses a lot I'd say yes each worth the
money if you're not some of the crosses
a lot you know it's not worth it you
Easter I shouldn't this a bit better on
this trip little bit better but not
better enough to span extra 50k if it
makes sense so yeah there you go if you
like video guys please do leave it like
if you're not subscribed already press
that subscribe button cease all litter
alright guys in case you missed my last
video i uploaded episode 22 i believe it
was of stagger pack and we're trying to
make up for the absolute dire
performance of absolute 21 so if you
missed the guys click on the screen also
if i'm in twitter app max plays fifa it
really helps me out